so I think the first steps that when you have a new leadership position
is obviously getting to understand your people first and and understanding
what their strengths and weaknesses are and how you can use
those to progress not only their personal and professional development
for but the group as a whole as long as the group is moving forward
and that in turn is going to allow the commands mission to move
forward and increase mission readiness which in and will then move the
entire navy's mission forward as well and if every command is doing
that then the the entire projection of the navy is going to be in
a more positive direction so you can see where that starts with the
very most junior person and understanding what their strengths are
and promoting those type of attributes and how that then rolls into
the platoon or division or department that you work and strengthens
that entire organization and that in turn strengthens the command moves
on towards the rest of the fleet and then in turn the navy as a
whole so I think you know the very first steps is is understanding what
your junior personnel on the personal at your leading whether their
junior or your peers or what have you what their strengths and weaknesses
are and what their direction what influences them